# Quarantine and serial testing for variants of SARS-CoV-2 with benefits of vaccination and boosting on consequent control of COVID-19

Chad R. Wells 1, Abhishek Pandey 1, Senay Gokcebel 2,3, Gary Krieger 4,5, A. Michael Donoghue 6, Burton Singer 7, Seyed Moghadas 8, Alison P. Galvani 1, and Jeffrey P. Townsend 9, 10, 11*

1 Center for Infectious Disease Modeling and Analysis (CIDMA), Yale School of Public Health, New Haven, Connecticut 06520, USA
2 Yale School of Public Health, New Haven, Connecticut 06510, USA
3 Grinnell College, Grinnell, Iowa 50112, USA
4 NewFields E&E, Boulder, Colorado 80301, USA. 
5 Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Science, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, Aurora, CO 80045, USA.
6 Group HSE, BHP Group Ltd, 171 Collins Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia.
7 Emerging Pathogens Institute, University of Florida, P.O. Box 100009, Gainesville, Florida 32610, USA
8 Agent-Based Modelling Laboratory, York University, Toronto, Ontario, Canada
9 Department of Biostatistics, Yale School of Public Health, New Haven, Connecticut 06510, USA
10 Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut 06511, USA
11 Program in Microbiology, Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut 06511, USA

Copyright (C) <2022>, Chad R. Wells et. al. All rights reserved. Released under the GNU General Public License (GPL)

This repository contains codes and data used to simulate and analyze COVID- testing strategies in the scenarios of different variants and vaccine uptake for
1. Quarnatine
2. Serial testing

The model code is written in MATLAB and results are saved as MATLAB data files (extension .mat), with plots also being constructed in MATLAB. 

## OS System requirements
The codes developed here are tested on Windows operating system (Windows 10 Home: 64-bit). 

## Installation guide
### MATLAB
Installation instruction for MATLAB can be found at https://www.mathworks.com/help/install/install-products.html. Typical install time for MATLAB on a "normal" desktop is around 30-40 minutes. The current codes were developed and tested on MATLAB R2019b.

## Demo
Figure1 generates Figure 1 in the main text. Corresponding figures and analysis can be generated by the provided scripts. All mat files to run this script are available. 
